welcome to the [Music]
orgy rattlesnake venom hits from media's
lips Dragon Queen cup of fire black arrows dark in the sky the order of the
rose with the bows and arrows horses riding full stride the B
hit the mark every time psychotropic logos you know who's in the
right urses with a giggling smile produce the flowers with the pal I give
you my blood do you have the blood of the Dying God sell fire with the Stars
in Your Eyes rub it in the man who's laughing I am being drink Hallelujah
from Aphrodite lips OS purple juice C
gorgeous make your face melt Terror cards dealt ancient songs of cosmic
spells wave the magic from over Simon
says welcome back to Lady Babylon this is initiating
apocalypse and tonight I've got a a couple of real real doozies for you
tonight we're going straight into the cult tonight we're going to see that
interior I can't wait as the ship warms up I just want to tell you how excited I
am to be able to bring you these sources what are his
sources yeah there they are again look it's coming out Danny Jones soon I saw a
clip I saw a clip and it was
fantastic it was the most gorgeous display of raw crude
reality oh that I've ever had the pleasure of being involved with oh hail
Satan it was a wonderful absolutely absolutely wonderful
experience and I think the interview backed up as it is with the
storm I think it will detate I think it will drive us
somewhere into a wave of Renaissance this is fantastic we're going to look at
some of the really gritty stuff tonight we're going to go right penetrate right
into the depths of the Oria we're going to enter into that
Zone where it is improper for those of us who are uninitiated to
go yes you mean we're stripping off we're stripping off the protections of
the mystery yes yes we are now I'm gonna do a trick here in the beginning because
I know everybody loves tricks I'm going to reach into the Bible
I'm going to reach into the Bible and I'm going to pull out the Queen the all
Queen right out of the guts of Paul the Apostle where's my where's my whip
where's the crop there's a crop here getting all um Paul the Apostle this one's for
Paul um you know he's a he's a snake Pusher right he's a Venom Junkie so um
you know you got to Hur him in different ways come here Paul come here Paul you know what I'm going to
do here's what I want you to do I want you to disgorge the Lovely song of media can
you do that Paul can you do that I know you're so so bent on your Christos I
know you are Paul but I want I want you to
discourage the cont of your guts and I want it to be the song of media this man
is crazy mommy pass me the chicken nuggets
Tommy let's go give me the First Source love it hit it chewy God I love it when
the chip jerks like that look Titus who is Titus this is the epistle to him by
Paul who cares who cares what does it say
more importantly what does it say says someone of their prophets said
the cratons are always liars and they're
kakia they're what they're kakia that means bad
drugs yeah yeah bad plagues those Thorns
that you get in the flesh that drive you to the mystery right we saw everybody saw the
the ASP by Paul and he's like oh no problem BR right because why and
everybody's like dude that guy's jacked right love it okay hey Lydia send me
some cashola from the purple Mafia so
that I can spread the gospel spread the gospel let's go are you ready this is Mafia
stuff you know what I mean that's the way it is um what else are they they're cathia and they're Gus Ary now Gus is a
consumer it's your gut consuming everything who are these people that
Paul is talking about here who well first of all he's quoting someone who
are the people that he's quoting talking about they're people who are consumers who are un willing to work the land
that's what that says that's what oai are yes these are people who want to make cash they don't want to work the
land do you know who these people are who are these people these people are
cretans these people are cretans no really it's talking about
cretans okay give us the next one let's look at I just want you to see this word
SE St right this is that liar what I'm translating as liar and I just want you
to see at the very bottom here it says alluding
toes right by F aminities oh there's the guy who said it who Paul is quoting but
Paul because he's such a junkie doesn't know the guy's
name yeah yeah yeah
education education Julian was right you cannot
let the Christians teach Classics goes down the tubes yeah there's a reason for it it's
linguistic Believe It or Not isn't that gorgeous oh love it love it let's go to
the is that okay to mention Julian did you I should have told you he was coming
the party look at look at this people what is this who what is this saying
cratons are liars they're all liars they always lie where's it coming from let's
resurrect fius in his encyclopedia called a
bibla it's got so many sources that we don't have anymore it's wonderful oh God
this fius he needs a little slap just a little one on the buttocks so that you
know give him like a football player and giv another football player you know
kind of a just shadowy you know just slightly slightly erotic just a little
bit right something like that for phius because these sources are
outstanding and what does he say let me just translate this you he says this dude named athenodorus what did he do
he's an arrian and what does he do in his eighth book of commentaries oh my
God these people amazing thousands upon thousands of authors oh my god um what
do they do what do they do um in his eighth book of the commentary he says that thetus and media were in a contest
in thessaly a contest about their beauty yeah and this new judgment came
about right they picked somebody right and what happened he
gave the victory to thetus right but
Mia being just as angry as you could
possibly be without bursting into a supernova what did she do what did she
do not really what does she do oh there it is um she said the cratons
a bunch of liars they're always liars and what did she do then she cursed them
she what look at this beautiful word EP Aras what is that it's from EPI and ARA
is the Greek root for the curse if you don't understand the curse you don't get
democracy oh God watch I'm going to bring that all together um what' she say
she cursed him never to speak the truth again all of these you know what all you cratons you know you're never going to
speak another um word truthfully again just like you did in the J Judgment of
this beauty contest yeah yeah this is serious and
what happened what happened um it's for this reason that everybody knows now
that cretans are freaking Liars man they have that reputation for being
Liars right and then he cites the source of where he got this yeah with a dude
Antiochus somebody we don't know who the who what just another another amazing
the the vast ocean do you see why I'm saying the vast ocean of ancient Greek
is just oh it's a tribute to the most potent mother language of all time oh
God so sexy give us the next one give us the next one okay now wait a minute so
this guy epines that I haven't introduced you to yet he's coming on um
and he is an advisor to Solon Solon is you know Mr Democratic reforms so um
epines is a kraton yeah and epines is passing down this quote of
media and we have people who pick this up and quote it we're establishing what's called ancient
Authority so we have people who are quoting different sources right and
sometimes these sources don't survive okay so um fantastic and who is this
this is a Survivor this is cicus because be by the time we get oh God by the time
we get to helenistic Greece in Alexandria the concentration at the
Museum of nerds has reached a Pinnacle we are about to have the Catalyst that
just blows our society into civilization baby oh God this is a place we can go
right chewy forget about Rome we'll go we we'll head to you know the junction
we'll call it oh God I love it okay who is this cicus and Alexandria and what
does he say he says the cratons are always Liars wait what this is in a hymn
to Zeus baby this is in a hymn to God those
cratons they're all liars what did they do oh woxs look at that first line
Second and last word that's a m and title we're going back to
1600 oh God this is old stuff so um cicus knows this cuz you know he's just
he's read all the Scrolls baby right how many of these are there oh my
God cret they built you a tomb Zeus but you
don't die you are always you're Perpetual man you're
Perpetual that's what that's how cicus jumps in and uses this old expression
those cratons are all liars right this is before the epin Deon Paradox if he's
a if epines is a Craton and he says all cratons are
liars what do we do we're stuck did somebody tell that guy to get off the
top of me right oh my God bring us some
oh look at that who's oh this is fantastic look it's
penetrating the brain shuy I love that you should have been a you know some kind
of psycho militaristic interrogator
something I don't know let's go to the next one hit me with the next here's the Reconstruction people of what it is
right they made a tomb for you oh most holy and great one the cretans did and
they're always liars and they're bad theia now a lot of people translate that
as beasts as a matter of fact you see this one does beasts right um that's actually a loaded
term though and we know that from the thec we know that from the thec uh here
we go um G AR you people who don't want a farm you don't want to build in the
ground you don't want to build the nourishment up that brings us all life what do you want to do you want to
trade at the time it was trading right that's what Remember by the way I got to
say at this time in the world you can put some of your mesmerizing things up now Chey at this time in the
world yeah yeah um we've
gotta understand um how is the world divided in the Mediterranean how's
it divided it's divided between two types of people it's not
races it's not not any sort of physical attribute it's not a geographic location
it's not a tribe yeah you know how people are divided up at this time when cicus is
doing what he's doing you know people are divided up into Greek speakers and
barbarians yeah did you hear me they divided you according to whether or not
you could use Greek now you're sitting there and why is that because everybody
knows as those HUD dwelling Romans it's way more sophisticated yeah 1.5 million oh my God
is that the last estimate of the unique word forms oh my this is no did it get that high oh my
God yeah right how old that remember that threey
olds got about 3,000 yeah so you've got to put this in perspective the world world is divided
into those who can use Ancient Greek and those who
can't sorry anglosaxon you notice anglosaxon is sitting on a stool and
that stool is Greek yeah our Sciences wouldn't be our
Sciences without the power of ancient Greek she's the most sexy mama ancient
Greek oh God imagine that imagine a language that allowed you to coin words
on a steady regular basis can you do that no not my anglosaxon
mind right oh God I need to chop some
wood yeah okay let's go to the next Source oh this is beautiful Watch What
Happens people this is a reconstruction I just want you to see here at the end look at it so um they're these consumers
right and what what are they they're um he says to the God he says but you you
don't die right you're always GNA be Z living right for and this is the last
couple of lines for in you we live and we
move and we are yeah wait a minute I've heard that
before who quot that oh guess what let's see let's see who quoted that
boom boom acts this is when Paul the Apostle is standing in Athens he's at the
areopagus the hill of Aries and what is the hill of Aries the hill of Aries is
the place that Justice was born oh my God oh my God you mean this
we're going to talking about Justice yeah you're right right right and in them we live and move and are look
it's the same it's the same thing right right in this God we live and we move
and we exist yeah just as Paul says some of
your prophets used to say what what if they
what if they said in the past what have they said we're of the same
Kos uh oh god oh this thing is gorgeous
right so Paul what is Paul doing his drug adle snake venom to and us and
shooting mind is so riddled see he doesn't practice the cyan way right the
cyan way is balance yeah yeah not for Paul Paul's
drilling that stuff he's got The Thorn In the Flesh man he's got the floor you haven't had it so you don't know so
don't criticize Paul excellent sorry sit back down SE I
didn't tell you you were free Paul sit down give me the next one hurry we we've
got to there's a great it's gonna get serious here watch people um what did
the Lord say the Lord said it's not good for the dude to be alone so I'm going to
make he really says let us let [Laughter]
us yeah let us make a Bo Aon what is a Bo Aon um for
those of you I'm I'm about to shatter something
conception that you've had are you ready um when this was shattered for me I was like oh it's like a breath of fresh air
what is the AWA or the eve what is the eve to the Adamas the
indestructible right the clay oh I'm sorry sir that's clay no it's not um
what is the eve and what does she do she is a
boon huh well let's find out what that word is let's find out what that word is next
one boom here's what here's how the new international um translates it it's not
good for the man to be alone I'll make a helper a helper that's a special helper
friend right remember we're talking to the Hebrew of the thir century when
we're looking at these passages in the septu so you have to realize it's on a
completely different level it's way way way way way under sophisticated in the class of
the ancient Greek right it's it's simple it's just a simple machine it's like you know this is basic basic programming
it's nothing complicated stuff right um okay so here we go and the Lord uh it's
not good for the man helper give me the next one give me the next one what is King James what is King James I heard
King James had a had some situation going there's been
a lot of that King James Bible and the Lord God said it's not good that the man should be alone I will make him and
help again help okay well I can see where these guys are going they've all been messing around with the mastic text
and that's been giving them this look what's the definition here of ezer what
is it that help yeah right okay help now
here here what I'm going to do I'm going to show you what Eve actually is are you ready give me the next one yep oh there
it is to help yeah yeah okay that was the verb from which it was derived in Hebrew look what is this
Boos what is this Boos right look at that the Dorian is Bo
th isn't that nice boy you can hear it that dude's from Athens
right Hasting to the cry for help you know what Adam's
doing right first of all his name his name is not Adam man from the earth his
name is invincible and the one who makes him Invincible is the AWA welcome to the
mystery welcome to the mystery let's see what happens let's see what happens oh
that's beautiful will Jack me into and oh yeah oh Danny Jones look there he is
Danny Jones stand there the iron I can feel your iron Jack me into the ancient
drug Matrix baby here we go here we go let's not disappoint Danny he's he's got
things to do let's Jack him in go give me the next one yep so look it's an
aiding or a helping or an assistant look at the kinds of people if you look
through those Greek terms you're going to find it's a lot of military stuff as a matter of fact it's kind of got a
military kind of theme to it okay give me the next one um this is militaristic
this is fantastic what else is Eve um the first part of what she is comes from
this word in Greek Boe and it's the loud cry look at the Dorian Bo right not bo
bo it's a shout right mostly a battlecry mostly a Battle Cry look look
sound of musical instruments the Roar of the sea oh I see so it's got a little
bit of range right just taste it taste it is you're trying to discover the
technical nature of Greek VOC ancient Greek vocabulary what you do is you
sample all the different Vineyards in the countryside you want to know what that region is good for sample them all
and that's what we're doing that's what those Brits those Victorian br britz
helped us to see what so important when you're performing classical
philology yes oh I love it so what we're doing is you you form a word from the
fine nuances that it takes on and pretty soon you can see the core you can see
the core okay so when you're reading one of these texts and some Greek is making up words right coining new words and
those aren't in the Lexicon you can follow that dudette
path oh God 10th Muse baby order of the Rose don't you love it okay let's go we
got more drugs to sling here look at this people boa is hel or aid but look
at number two it's Medical Aid or cure right cure so these are drugs we're
talking about drugs yes fantastic fantastic assistance
how are drugs relevant there assistance they allow you to go from one place to
another from a place of weakness to a place of strength love it now if you
just heard the name the secret name of Rome you'll understand we brought a Nas
don't worry we're going to get we're gonna give Virgil watch K and Syble come on baby hit it
hit me with that next one this is most enlightening but what is a boy themma
it's a resource right right a remedy and that's
where I see it most is on the medical side right because they talk about these
things that you know plant substances animal substances that are these remedies right okay all right let's go
to the next one notice diores and hypocrates were both down there for you nerds who are into the medical side now
wait this woman right what's she gonna be called what's she gonna be called she's gonna
be called woman because she was taken from the
man yeah because she was taken from the man now remember I know we talked about
this satanic congregation we talked about this but I want to re-emphasize it hit me with the next one we're gonna we're flying tonight sh um we talked
about the Weir AO remember in Hebrew it doesn't work we we can't call our
woman taken from removed from the man when all it is in Hebrew is ish and Isa
it's a masculine form for person and in a feminine form right that's it feminine
marker on the end that's it that's it okay so it doesn't work um the
problem is the Greek doesn't work either the Greek doesn't work either because it's goon and an right neither of those
are related or fulfill the the um taking from right the one taking from the Flesh
of another uh wow it's starting to get good right hang in there with me hit the neck
but we know what does it work what's the keep that up what is the one language it works in it works oddly enough in Latin
weo which is literally just taking from the
man yeah is something from the masculine oh that's that's fantastic from the
force can also mean that Force watch this a manlike vigorous heroic Maiden do
you know any manlike vigorous heroic maidens do you know any female warriors
I'm sure some of you if you're blessed um to be in the Marine Corps for
example I bet you know I bet you know some manlike vigorous heroic maidens I
bet you do I bet you do look at it vigorous Stout look we can find vigorous Stout maidens that's no problem look
what who they're referring to here these are their God's people manura right she's one of these Diana is
one of these juturna is one of these with her sacred Springs right she's one of these and who
do we see at the bottom who do we see at the bottom well we see an Amazonian woman first because you know Amazonian
women are that way right you're going to get your butt kicked totally kicked and
the the tech if their Tech doesn't blow you away they will physically blow you
away oh my God oh my God back to that who is at the bottom of
the list who is at the bottom of our list bring that one up again in a second but who is at the bottom I want you to
see Eve is at the bottom Eve is at the bottom because she
was taken from man she was taken from man and what was
her purpose there as a boon her purpose was to make that so
Invincible yeah how do you do that you got to burn something off baby and you're going to end up
naked seriously did you see the devil oh god
let's go give me the next one give me the next one everybody knows that's what that's what it's about look at this
people um what is the ah yeah yeah okay okay so the um the
um Wego where is the Wego where where is she she's the maiden what is the Virgin
by the way I just wanted to Define here the Virgin look at some of the people that it's talking about by the boy
Palace and Diana again we're following the same asraa at the bottom did you see
asraa who is she daughter of dawn you Dawn ringers right this is right in your
wheelhouse this is right where we operate and function everybody in satanic congregation this is the
Virgin this is the Virgin they called her the star virgin right do you understand um
somebody had a dream media and this is recorded in um
flacas media had a dream and in that dream there was a
constellation on her chest there were stars right and those stars are what
moved her she is that star virgin yeah okay what you're hearing is
Vox you're hearing the orphic voice okay everybody right on the throne give me
the next one and we're calling her up are you ready people aren't going to believe it when they see the switch where are we going let's pull up a dead
Roman and say What's the value of all this right we're in the middle of the right we're getting into the we're
getting into that medication we're going deeper into the
death and resurrection and we're getting to the point that we are prophets one of your
prophets some one of your prophets you know who said that first Paul the the one who said that first was the
medwa the one who said that first was media she's the one who made your rights
Paul she's the one who made your rights are you ready to show it in order to do
that we're got to bring up um one of the eales right
and Priestess Priestess who's the Priestess here look now has come the last AG oh
get the English off there bring up the next one I put the Latin boom no I
didn't um go down yeah it's down here there it is um what have we come to
people the final I'm telling you what this Latin says and this by the way is the um
prophecy the prophecy that the Christians were so interested in okay
what are we talking about we're talking about that coming star that coming star do you know who
she is everybody says this is the star of be Bethlehem it's
a it's a it's probably you get some nerd it's probably a
comet right no it's Fox Orica you
[__] right it's her it's
her she was in the temple on the
purple and Pregnant whose father was the
child Zeus that's how you say God in
Greek nice love it that's say oh it's sh
somebody here give me this sisters are frustration come here please naughty you're all
naughty ah oh God all right they don't need that it's a Friday night they want
to see the drugs you all came for the drugs give me the next one please yeah
there it is so what am I gonna give you tonight here's the gift are you ready the final age of the cuman song is here
it's here now now now is the great
ladder of the ages
sprung a new
already the Virgin returns and the saturnian rule is
restored now now has come the new Offspring sent
down from heaven oh God
oh God you mean this is before Jesus is walking around this is why they call the
earliest Christian cists right civilist there's a couple of things they call the early Christians
and we're going to see that in a second um they call um followers of the way
they call them civilist and they call them atheists they call them atheists because
they have no gods they don't have Justice right she's the last one to
abandon any civilization she's the last one to leave when you've turned
completely to the monest uh Gulf of
swirling detrius and pollution when you've gone that route um there's no way out there's
no way out without pration right here we are here we are give me the nice give me
the next one oh here okay now I'm going to feed it watch this this so um
Achilles who is this oh it's that fius again Achilles what did he do what did
he do he was called poros right
poros yeah and why is he called that because his mother pulled him out of the
fire when he was
burning and what is that that resource mean what does it mean means one plucked
from the burning who is this this is Achilles right his
mother his mother is performing the
purification that makes Adamas that makes you
invincible invulnerable she is doing it
okay Oh I thought it was just priestesses and temples no no no
no she is doing it when the D M does
it she's not doing it in a temple she's doing it in a
home yeah fantastic fantastic you're beginning to to see that image let's go
give it to me again yeah no the one before give me the one before one more time um I just want you to see that he's
being snatched from that burning right he's he's she is allowing
him to go through something that we know is a chemical process yeah to cause that individual to
become invulnerable that's what Yahoo was trying to do with the
AWA for Adamas Mr invincible and what happened what
happened devil stepped in yeah oh and it got sexy baby it got sexy mhm they ended
up naked they ended up naked you know if you show up chewy if you s the best
looking guy in the universe like for you that's Henry Cavill right if you s the best looking guy in the universe then
something's going to happen right it's just it's the laws it's the laws of
nature love that love how nature works it's a power baby you don't have to your
religion doesn't have to be contrary to Nature right as a matter of fact the the
ones that are pro- nature seem to be able to perpetuate these Advanced
languages and these philosophies and Sciences and
democracies yeah let's focus on those those are the ones that we need let's
are you ready we're going to Drudge that up we're going to Drudge that up go hit it what does Dian Isis say I have come
as the son of God um Dan Dan here it is
Dan the Son of God I want you to be able to see this I want you to be able to see this and by the way Dan um Theos is
never used to represent Divine there's an adjective for that Theos and they use
that all the time as a matter of fact we're gonna see it in a minute Dan so stop making stuff up you seminarians out
there come here seminarians and Bible scholars get all of you dead people get over here
[Music] oh that had some kind of where's that
cheerleader let's go go to the next one look at this what does he say he says I've come as a Son of God to this land
of Thieves I'm dionis right whom the Cora
bore yeah simile when she was giving her Lal
Runnings and how did she do it she did it with the lightning bearing fire the
lightning bearing fire I don't even know what that is but I know that it brings
one from a point of having local Runnings to being alive and having alive
kid sitting on your lap I know that I know that and I know that's what simile
is involved in and everybody knows go to the next one everybody knows now that
Sim's name is the purple
coas right everybody knows that it is that purple and you say
wait a minute yeah yeah do you understand where the lightning is do you see what happens
there was an ancient saying um in if you reveal the Mysteries you bring the
lightning if you reveal the Mysteries you bring the lightning do you know that stuff that was in Deus that was
inside of the being hole do you know what it was it was
lightning and it was removed it was removed that power was
removed yeah um a poet got it back a poet got it back for him yeah and his
his uh reward you could call it was Harmony
reward was Harmony do you understand for a minute I just want you to stop and step back and say how much metaphor are
these people willing to use and exploit how much analogy do we have to well do
we have to put up with this is what ancient Greek does it allows you to
think in analogy it allows you to think as if everything down to the finest
material is analogous that there is an
organization that you don't need a course from Harvard you don't that you
have the capacity inside of you and what's stopping that from coming out
it's your stupid
language it's our stupid languages that's stopping us from
advancing yeah what happened who killed ancient Greek who killed ancient
Greek ancient Greek got defiled it got defiled by the
Ecclesia oh God and that Union produced a child that was well let's just say
special yeah yeah okay back to the real stuff hit it
what is it what it's necessary you listen to bacas now are you ready we're hearing this you you realize as we're
christing right this is what we're hearing I heard that angulus where's Hermes remember he had the drug that we
all got you don't remember that he gave us a drug Hermes right before we came into Cersei here it is right what's
dianis here for it's necessary he says to teach these people even if they don't
want to learn isn't that nice I heard a watcher say something just like that the other day
um we got to teach them even though even though they don't want to learn um as
uninitiated as they are in the bakic rights right I'm here says bakas I have
incarnated I have taken on flesh under the birth of the Virgin for what reason
for what reason to defend her I am here to show you he says dianis
this is what he's saying I am here to show you the validity of my mother's
voice oh God oh God do you see it do you
see it um and then he says oh yeah and she bore me to to Zeus right to God from God
Son of God great fantastic let's go go on to the next one thank you diis that was gorgeous go on to the next one oh
we're we're hitting a good clip watch this people he says I came from Asia
from Mount toolis right and I'm com here flying and but you know what's going on
this is a chorus they're all like whoa right this is the party this are the voices that you're hearing while you are
under the influence of that basket with the snakes and the dildos okay this is what Meads sing this
is an actual song yeah oh God it's a chorus isn't
this isn't this glorious so um where have these women come from they came from Asia right in holy tamus right this
mountain right and the labors that they undertook they're sweet labors they're saying they're sweet labors by the way
um good job ladies this dance is gorgeous I love this please don't I know you're going to kill me in the end but
okay um and what are they doing here aad Z Mena elad Mena do you see that word
it's one two three four five lines down everybody look at the second word starts with an Epsilon looks like an
EA do you know what that is that is doing the eve making the shout the
bucket cry that is what is produced
by the right in the woman and what is she she is one who
makes you immortal she's one who makes you immortal she did it to John she did it
to John the Baptist do you remember do you remember how she made him Immortal
yep yep she did she did she did it all for the
dance this this is very capable when you're in the hands of Meads you're very
capable very well organized very psychot tropically
bent yeah trained trained and
ecstatic expression but in a militaristic way very militaristic way
and by the way it makes you hungry for that blood so um you know Off With His
Head isn't it fun when women can be able to tear a man man's head off um is a
group you know what I mean that would be the the society that we need to bring us
back to civilization at least that's what the fifth century in Athens shows us what is this bakus what is this bakus
I wanted you to see people um it's a whole it's a bunch of things right but look number two it's actually one right
number one of course it's bakas the God right and you can call him in number um
two below it says Zeos bakos right you know this is you know that's
like zos Amon right exactly look it can be the wine it can be the b or it can be
a branch Carri keep going keep going
boom this is what we're doing give me the next one we're entering that place that Eve brings us to and what
happens what happens oh my God through these loial Runnings right through this
compulsion this woman is pushed is pushed and what does she do
she gives birth she expels it says from her nus from her
Matrix she expels from her Matrix this child right that's who we're talking
about we're talking about Dian Isis right and she what happens to her she
leaves off the ion in the strike of the
lightning yeah are you there anthropologically are you looking at the right right this is Stage production
right this is something that they're bringing that Bic procession to a place where it can be public people can see it
right you've taken the Meads and you've harnessed them as a chorus now harness
their voice as a chorus you still got them running around right sometimes you got to make them stop doing what they're
doing they're getting out of hand right give me the next one give me the next one son of Kora AKA virgin nice I like
that give me the next one I'm gonna give you I got a couple more here and
go do we forget where there it is what does this God have this God is
ton right that's what he is he has the horns of the bull he has the horns of
the bull and you've seen this image you've seen this image but do you really
understand what that means do you really understand what that means you know this is the horned
God this is the horned God where's Moses did you get Moses did you stink him in get out here Moses get out here Moses
and show us your horns show us your horns Moses so everybody in a
Renaissance mood can have a nice holiday is he what is he staging did you find
there something me get out of here Moses Yoo Moses chewy I can't entertain the
troops why where is he oh there he is Moses look at those what's he got what's
he got there looks look what you got behind hiding behind your back there it looks like a book that can't be a book
Moses that can't be a book man they didn't they didn't have those books then if you'd had a scroll I'd have been a
little more convinced where's Mike Mike get up here sit seriously fix this um
look at his look what's he got in his head he's got horns right he's got horns
sitting right there sitting right there with Mo sitting right there now why would
they do such a thing because as classical civilization was
stifled by Christianity a pressure built in the
Dark Ages which is what I'll call period and
little cracks developed in the fabric of life and through this crack came little
Springs of classical wisdom little Springs of it here and there Springs
that were untainted they were untainted by any sort of
monest judeo Christian Islamic philosophy or um anything
vocabulary anything no influence these are p pure classical streams this is the
stuff that causes Renaissance Enlightenment this is the stuff that
causes democracy to be reborn that's what this stuff is oh my
God you it's lovely give me the next one give me the next one that was my that
was my uh patriotic moment what else is dianis he's crowned with the snakes wait
a minute you mean they've got baskets these women have baskets of dildos and
snakes and um they're wearing snakes yes and they're putting the snake Venoms in
their hair yes right and they have purple stained lips yes and they're
wearing the ivy yes are these cratons are they no they're not cratons but
they're close they're close we're really close in iduma
oh tacitus bring us the truth bring us the truth we don't want the truth take
your truth and shove it we have sources that's better hit me with a source give me the next one zisis says what he says
look he's pissed at the end of the play and if people I have students tell me this all the time by the way this is
from ureides baky and people always tell me students that I read this with always
tell me they're like hey um why is dianis so angry when the Indie shows up
and he's like hey you all deserved it right just we just watched a mother rip
off the head of her son why did she do that because this guy he couldn't look into a mirror and see
himself so he ended up getting his head torn off yeah don't look back they told
him don't look back oh God are you ready for this what does he say he says look and you Cadmus
you're going to become a dragon you can become a what you can become a dragon a serpent and your wife and here
it's a d so it's a it's not really wife it's more like
your your weirdo your
boyon that that Amazonian who stands next to
you you know what I mean yeah what is she she is going F KC that's what it
says eoa she's going completely
beast and she's what she's changing what's she G to change her form her
tupon is going to change and to that of an oros of an oros that sounds familiar
I think I've seen one of those remember the devil in the garden right she's going to change her form into the
serpent and what's going to happen when she changes form by the way people
remember we're going through initiations and now we're at the point
because we're Sears that we're changing ourselves into
dragons into dragons and what are these D how are we going to do that watch this baby um we do that because the dragon is
the most thanking of all the beasts
oh do you see what's happening do you see what's happening engage your FR get
on your throne get through the fumigation engage your brain and will
bring you to the place of the Dragon oh God okay next one um look
people I just want to repeat this I want you to see that we're in that age give me the next one we're in that age I'm
going to tr translate it for you now from the Latin just one more time look this is the final
age of the siil song the great ladder of the ages is now
sprung forth already the Virgin returns
and the saturnian rulership is being reestablished now a new offspring is
coming from the heavens are you ready we
followed your star said the Magi give me the last give me the last one this is
the hymn who's the star who's the star to bonus who's the star to the wine
who's the star to the this is my blood and my flesh I'm the Son of God who is
it hit it it's simile it's she who is made in purple who is it I call upon the
Kwa I call upon the Cora who is all Queen She who is beautiful in form she
who has that depth of her culus she's the mother of the thus
waving Joy causing dionisis Life of the Party it says says he's polus
and what happens what happens you know what happens in her presence those pains
those pains of the mother they are Abad by means of a fire bearing Sunshine wait
what don't worry it's drugs it's drugs I was explaining to someone um earlier
today the semen of Helios is a drug right do you know what they call Jesus's
Sean I'm going to give you this one I'm going to give you this one by the way the Sean of Helios is supposed to make
you healthy and vigorous yeah um but I'm gonna give you
this one are you ready this is good no I felt bad I started to feel bad because it's been an hour and I don't want to hold you guys any longer because I know
you got everybody's got important stuff to do and it's my privilege to be able to be here with you it's my privilege to
be able to be here with you and I'm going to have a talk tomorrow tonight with a bunch of my new friends in
Australia who are health professionals yeah going to have a talk it's going to be fun you're welcome please come if
you'd like if you'd like to come I would love to have you there satanic congregation thank you thank you let's
go back let's go back to the give me the um oh I was gonna give him look at that I almost forgot I almost
forgot yeah it's the hobbits
what is it there are no such things as Hobbits do you understand something was
going on kitis
baby did he just write did Dolan just write the kitis the the tragedy of the
kitis hobbits anywh who um what is the goodie
I'm gonna give you the seen of Helios is a drug um also um the seen of Jesus was
called the love of God isn't that
gross seriously isn't that gross right the love of God right it was
so bad the Romans were resting them right because what do they do the
representative if it's not Jesus it's an apostle if it's not an apostle it's an
elder right it's if it's not an elder it's a
bishop right all through the first five centuries of Christianity what's going
on what's going on well when the Romans are in charge they're getting arrested
for taking orphan boys off the street and doing naughty things to them right
so it's a part of the right from the very beginning there's a reason that Jesus Christ was arrested in a public
park with a naked boy it's not just an accident it's not just a kid that was
like the the last Christian apologist I saw explain it Jesus walked by and let
off a glory bomb he was in a cemetery he had used the term you guys saw it Glory bomb and out comes the naked kid because
he's crawling out of the Grave he's like a freaking zombie right now if you
believe that I have a bridge for you to sell that kid was there for a reason and he was naked and he was with a medicated
bandage but somebody wanted me to explain it to them today so I'm going to say it really straightforward because I
know that most of the congregation knows this right Jesus was arrested with a kid
in a public park right and that kid has a bandage he's naked and he's got a
medicated bandage wrapped around his penis Jesus is using the boy as the
cop yes and so that medicine from that bandage and the kids fluids are being
used it's what's covering his face right they're like ew what's the stuff on your
face well it's because they're getting the antidote right that kid is becoming the
antidote and I asked the toxinologists um what is the you know what's the deal
why can you use castrated boys or um um prepubescent girls whose breasts have
been treated with drugs can you believe this I found this in Galen yeah talking
about the small grapelike breasts of the virgins what do you do what do you paint
their breasts with what
right the level of tech that we have lost is phenomenal it's phenomenal and
it's because of our language people we're in the mess we are because our languages suck they suck
Give me the give me the um the the rest of the hymn let's read the rest of this hymn right um what is she doing she
comes to us are you ready she comes to us this all Queen she comes to us
in the third time this is really hard to translate it literally is the third
times right so here's how the UN are you ready for some Quantum craziness here's
how the universe work works it's in cycle right and those Cycles are two on one
off repetitively yeah so time
itself Kronos is linked to this
cycle two on one off
simil comes in the off time the third time
they call it onethird time again I don't plan I don't I don't claim to understand
this I don't know how it works I don't know how it works I don't know what the physics are of this but this is the
Salvation of the mystery is in this onethird time okay
give me the hymn one more I'm gonna read it and then boom and then what what does
she say um this is why they're going to celebrate bakus right because of this
birth you thought the Virgin birth was one aspect and sometimes maybe somebody said why is it so important when I was a
young Baptist I can remember think why is it so important the Catholics that old virgin birth thing every time I read
about the spirit of the Lord coming upon this virgin I thought oh so what
happened here I shouldn't be watching this right right dragons are blind baby
we don't need to see that oh my god um right protect the Virgin hit it it's
important because the mystery is that
birth it is that birth and you say wait a minute I didn't see that coming you didn't see that coming when the
culmination of Christianity is the marriage you didn't see that
coming oh my God amazing we need a whole room full of anthropologist we need to
drag them through these texts and just see what their teeth can pull out of the dirt oh give me the give me the bottom
one finally why am I doing all this he says I'm praying to you I'm praying to
you great cor wanasa and it uses that old Greek that old m in wanasa there's a
diag on the front of that you can't see it that last word in the first line and what is he doing this all for to make
her to be gentlem minded toward the
initiates gentle minded is that glorious salvation is the gentlem
mindedness of the great virgin and she comes to purge now those
are all of the signs that you need right those are the images with which you can
reconstruct the right we've got all the drugs put them together put them
together yeah um please understand I want to say one final comment please and I know you're giving me too much time
please understand the first time that I saw that christing was
putting a substance into somebody's eyes to alter their mental state the first
time that I saw that I thought okay there's one rope through this cave
and I I only feel stable and comfortable with those drugs because they are a
hardcore scientific element of all of this that I can just walk through the
right with I don't know why he's doing what he's doing I don't know why this Priestess is saying what she's saying I
don't understand how she can see the future and why the universe has this
threefold Matrix that it swims within I don't get repeating time I don't
understand any of that stuff but what I do get is that the drug
these are just plants and animal things you know what I mean these are um these are things that can make sense that can
make sense so I'm going to keep my mind on those and next time now I did have
one reference for you I wanted to bring but I couldn't um because I can't I'm not comfortable with um my translation
because technically I mean literally it says um this is the medicine that you use on those boys who have been reaped
and it's kind of a it's kind of a different way that I've seen it um for castration right um yeah okay so um I
was going to bring you another castrated boy tonight but instead I've got a priestess who is um prepubertal who is
having her growth um guided chemically and here we have the formula
for you and by the way these tablets they're made of oh God please come come
tomorrow we're going to talk about the actual drugs that they were using to
create this uh great great mystery for us to allow us to enter into that death
and rebirth um this is why we all went to elus it's good to see you all back
here um I want to say please people please be looking out for Danny Jones
Danny Jones I love this guy I had the best day look I had the best day of my life um absolutely loved it so I think
the interview is going to be fantastic the gods of the underworld were backing
me up there was thunder and lightning you know and boom and make a point and boom you know woo we had Sirens going
off oh God tornado City baby love it and Tampa was gorgeous brought it with us um
lot of wind fantastic um please let me know what you think about it it
should be out I'm told next week Pro maybe Monday maybe Monday fantastic and
let's see what kind of perception um this light of day gets thank you Danny
for that opportunity it's my honor and privilege to be able to bring you um
this right out of the muses Temple um it's gorgeous stuff everybody keep it up
keep it up and I hope to see you there tomorrow night and um for those of you who are having the you know the dream
thing let's just put it that um whatever happens you know it's Vegas right stay
in Vegas talk to you shortly hail Satan
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtle shell magic even stronger than the drugs to sell are
the songs the magic fle Le Darkness through
dreams an animal skin with the song of the
queen written there with Magic ink guarded by a dragon in the
grave of Mars on the east side of the Black Sea Dragon Venom from the god with
horns I am being ionic watch the image
jeuge letters in Greek cornicopia oroborus Cleo media and bakus the dragon
Venom will knock them back phas
interferometry traces floating Crazy Eyes drinking purple meat
and whiskey with Lady media straight out of
Babylon Venus with a penis goat horns of [Music]
Alexander hit you with the Mana broad set on the DMT way up the elemental pece slang what
words really mean Dragon Venom of darkest dreams
[Music]